Here at Wallkill,
we have two rotary presses.
Each prints
something called a signature,
which is virtually the same
as a 32-page brochure.
The press can print
up to 94,000 signatures per hour.
If these were stacked
on top of each other,
they would reach the height
of a 30-story building every hour!
The process begins
with a 3,000- to 4,000-pound roll of paper.
It’s loaded along the press,
rolled into place,
trimmed, and lined
with double-sided tape.
Before the previous roll is finished,
the new roll is loaded onto the splicer.
By means of double-sided tape,
this roll is attached
to the expiring roll.
Next, the paper advances
to the four print units,
which apply ink on both sides
of the paper at the same time.
The presses use a technique
called offset printing.
This process uses printing plates
designed to allow water
to repel ink from the nonimage areas
and attract ink to the image areas.
The plate then transfers the ink
to a rubber blanket,
which then transfers
the ink to the paper.
Four colors of ink
are used to create the images.
They are black,
cyan, magenta, and yellow.
The ink on the paper
is applied in tiny dots.
By using this technique,
a wide range of colors can be achieved.
Now the paper
goes through the dryer,
which maintains a temperature
of around 400 degrees Fahrenheit
(200°C).
Solvents from the ink
are evaporated inside the dryer.
Next, in order to set the ink
so that it will not smear,
the paper travels through a series
of rollers filled with chilled water.
Now that the ink is dry,
the paper is folded and cut.
Finally, the conveyer
brings the cut signatures
out of the press,
and they are checked for quality.
They are then processed
and distributed to the congregations.